.TH displaygrid 1

.SH NAME
displaygrid \- html/javascript framework

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B displaygrid.html?width=w+height=h+cellwidth=cw+cellheight=ch

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP 
\fIdisplayframe\fP is javascript/html framework to display a
variable sized grid which elements can be freely defined by 
special functions.

.PP
\fIdisplaygrid\fP can be used as a template for monitoring or
simulation applications.

.SH OPTIONS
.PP

available options and parameter for \fIdisplaygrid\fP are :

.TP
.BI width
  grid witdth in cells.
.TP
.BI height
  grid height in cells
.TP
.BI cellwidth
  cell width in pixels
.TP
.BI cellheight
  cell heigth in pixels

.SH RESOURCES
.PP
displaygrid requres a decent browser supporting javascript and html5 canvas.

.SH DIAGNOSTICS
The program should display a grid using the defined dimensions (see
parameters) and fill it with random colors. Input Paramters are
checked for positive integers but not for upper limits (so come on,
check it out and have your browser take a 4k grid using a 1 pixel cell)

Tested on Firefox 60+. No browwser capability checks are done, if it 
doesn't work for you , use another browser.

.SH COPYRIGHT
displaygrid is copyright (c) 2018 ths.one

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.

.SH BUGS
There probably are some, but we don't know what they are yet.

.SH AUTHORS
ths@ths.one

.SH ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
thanks to all the countless people who contributed to this code by offering
their own code and knowlegde to the community.


